ZCTA5: ZCTA5 (ZIP Code Tabulation Area) refers to a geographic region represented by a 5-digit ZIP code.

STATE: The state where the ZCTA is located.

COUNTY: The county where the ZCTA is located.

TRACT: The census tract where the ZCTA is located.

GEOID: The geographic identifier for the ZCTA.

POPPT: The estimated total population of the ZCTA.

HUPT: The estimated total number of housing units in the ZCTA.

AREAPT: The estimated total land area of the ZCTA.

AREALANDPT: The estimated total land area of the ZCTA that is not covered by water.

ZPOP: The estimated population of the ZCTA as a proportion of the total population of the state.

ZHU: The estimated number of housing units in the ZCTA as a proportion of the total number of housing units in the state.

ZAREA: The estimated land area of the ZCTA as a proportion of the total land area of the state.

ZAREALAND: The estimated land area of the ZCTA that is not covered by water as a proportion of the total land area of the state that is not covered by water.

TRPOP: The estimated population of the ZCTA as a proportion of the total population of the census tract.

TRHU: The estimated number of housing units in the ZCTA as a proportion of the total number of housing units in the census tract.

TRAREA: The estimated land area of the ZCTA as a proportion of the total land area of the census tract.

TRAREALAND: The estimated land area of the ZCTA that is not covered by water as a proportion of the total land area of the census tract that is not covered by water.

ZPOPPCT: The estimated population of the ZCTA as a percentage of the total population of the state.

ZHUPCT: The estimated number of housing units in the ZCTA as a percentage of the total number of housing units in the state.

ZAREAPCT: The estimated land area of the ZCTA as a percentage of the total land area of the state.

ZAREALANDPCT: The estimated land area of the ZCTA that is not covered by water as a percentage of the total land area of the state that is not covered by water.

TRPOPPCT: The estimated population of the ZCTA as a percentage of the total population of the census tract.

TRHUPCT: The estimated number of housing units in the ZCTA as a percentage of the total number of housing units in the census tract.

TRAREAPCT: The estimated land area of the ZCTA as a percentage of the total land area of the census tract.

TRAREALANDPCT: The estimated land area of the ZCTA that is not covered by water as a percentage of the total land area of the census tract that is not covered by water.